README.md, before:

# Github Comment Manager

## Overview

The Github Comment Manager makes interacting with Github comments easier.
This module exposes four functions allowing you to create, read, update and remove comments.

### Functions

#### Create

The create function will create a single review comment on a Github pull request.

```
import { create } from 'github-comment-manager';

create.comment({account, token, repository, pullRequest, comment});
```

| Parameter   | Description                               |
| ----------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| account     | Github account username                   |
| token       | Github account access token               |
| repository  | Repository to comment on                  |
| pullRequest | Pull request number to add the comment to |
| comment     | Comment text                              |

#### Read

Usage to be defined.

#### Update

The update function will update a specific review comment on a Github pull request.

```
import { update } from 'github-comment-manager';

update.comment({account, token, repository, commentId, updatedComment});
```

| Parameter      | Description                               |
| -------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| account        | Github account username                   |
| token          | Github account access token               |
| repository     | Repository to update comment on           |
| commentId      | Id of the comment to be updated           |
| updatedComment | Text which the comment will be updated to |

#### Remove

The remove function will remove a specific review comment on a Github pull request.

```
import { remove } from 'github-comment-manager';

remove.comment({account, token, repository, commentId});
```

| Parameter  | Description                       |
| ---------- | --------------------------------- |
| account    | Github account username           |
| token      | Github account access token       |
| repository | Repository to remove comment from |
| commentId  | Id of the comment to be removed   |

### Contributing

Please see the CONTRIBUTING.md for further details.

Commit message:

feat: read action implemented and api refactored. (#5)

README.md, after:

# Github Comment Manager

## Overview

The Github Comment Manager makes interacting with Github comments easier.
This module exposes four functions allowing you to create, read, update and remove comments.

### Functions

#### Create

The create function will create a single review comment on a Github pull request.

```
import { create } from 'github-comment-manager';

create.comment({account, token, repository, pullRequest, comment});
```

| Parameter   | Description                               |
| ----------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| account     | Github account username                   |
| token       | Github account access token               |
| repository  | Repository to comment on                  |
| pullRequest | Pull request number to add the comment to |
| comment     | Comment text                              |

#### Read

The read function will return a list of review comments on a pull request.

```
import { read } from 'github-comment-manager';

read.comments({account, token, repository, pullRequest});
```

| Parameter   | Description                               |
| ----------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| account     | Github account username                   |
| token       | Github account access token               |
| repository  | Repository to retrieve comments from      |
| pullRequest | Pull request number to read comments from |

The example response can be found [HERE](https://developer.github.com/v3/issues/comments/#response).

#### Update

The update function will update a specific review comment on a Github pull request.

```
import { update } from 'github-comment-manager';

update.comment({account, token, repository, commentId, updatedComment});
```

| Parameter      | Description                               |
| -------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| account        | Github account username                   |
| token          | Github account access token               |
| repository     | Repository to update comment on           |
| commentId      | Id of the comment to be updated           |
| updatedComment | Text which the comment will be updated to |

#### Remove

The remove function will remove a specific review comment on a Github pull request.

```
import { remove } from 'github-comment-manager';

remove.comment({account, token, repository, commentId});
```

| Parameter  | Description                       |
| ---------- | --------------------------------- |
| account    | Github account username           |
| token      | Github account access token       |
| repository | Repository to remove comment from |
| commentId  | Id of the comment to be removed   |

### Contributing

Please see the CONTRIBUTING.md for further details.
